#Getting started

Jackrabbitexplorer is a rich web application tool to explore and administer a jackrabbit repository via RMI.



----

= Getting Started =

Jackrabbit server

First thing needed is a jackrabbit server up and running.

A good way to get started quickly is to download the standalone version of jackrabbit
http://jackrabbit.apache.org/downloads.html.
Which is basically a jackrabbit configured with tomcat ready to go.

Start the standalone server with
{{{
java -jar jackrabbit-standalone-2.1.0.jar --port 8082
}}}
There will be a jackrabbit start page at http://localhost:8082/ once running.
From there you can click the populate link to add some random binary content to you jackrabbit repository

----

Jackrabbit Explorer

To start using jackrabbit Explorer right away download the latest jackrabbitexplorer.war file and put that in a java container such as tomcat. I won't explain that here.

Once your java container is running. Point your browser to http://localhost:8080/jackrabbitexplorer

(port 8080 is the default port)


Configuration

/WEB-INF/web.xml
context params configure the default startup login text boxes and set the admin username and password for the application to use.

e.g. 
{{{
	<context-param>
	  <param-name>rmiUrl</param-name>
	  <param-value>http://localhost:8082/rmi</param-value>
	</context
}}}

Icon images can be changed in the /WEB_INF/nodeTypeIcons.properties
New icons can be added as well for custom node types

e.g. 
{{{
rep\:system=icons/operation.png
}}}

The key the node type and the value is the image path /images.